[DOC] Add documentation of optional custom IDs for ML resources (#12929)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/model-apis/register-model.md

Field | Data type | Required/Optional | Description
:---  | :--- | :--- 
`name`| String | Required | The model name. |

> `model_id` | String | Optional | Unique identifier for the model. If omitted, OpenSearch auto-generates one. **Introduced 3.9** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model_id` | String | Optional | A unique identifier for the model. If omitted, OpenSearch generates one automatically.  |
```

Field | Data type | Required/Optional | Description
:---  | :--- | :--- 
`name`| String | Required | The model name. |

> `model_id` | String | Optional | Unique identifier for the model. If omitted, OpenSearch auto-generates one. **Introduced 3.9** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model_id` | String | Optional | A unique identifier for the model. If omitted, OpenSearch generates one automatically. |
```

Field | Data type | Required/Optional | Description
:---  | :--- | :--- 
`name`| String | Required | The model name. |

> `model_id` | String | Optional | Unique identifier for the model. If omitted, OpenSearch auto-generates one. **Introduced 3.9** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model_id` | String | Optional | A unique identifier for the model. If omitted, OpenSearch generates one automatically. |
```

`function_name` | String | Required | Set this parameter to `SPARSE_ENCODING` or `SPARSE_TOKENIZE`.
`connector_id` | Optional | Required | The connector ID of a standalone connector for a model hosted on a third-party platform. For more information, see [Standalone connector]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/connectors/#creating-a-standalone-connector). You must provide either `connector_id` or `connector`.
`connector` | Object | Required | Contains specifications for a connector for a model hosted on a third-party platform. For more information, see [Creating a connector for a specific model]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/connectors/#creating-a-connector-for-a-specific-model). You must provide either `connector_id` or `connector`.

> `model_id` | String | Optional | Unique identifier for the model. If omitted, OpenSearch auto-generates one. **Introduced 3.9** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model_id` | String | Optional | A unique identifier for the model. If omitted, OpenSearch generates one automatically. |
```
